Update Figma links to v2.0 Libraries (#2558)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/getting-started/for-designers.md

Reviewer: [thought] general consideration: in the page we've completely replaced the v1 libraries with the v2, but maybe we should have a more gradual approach, and make clear that there are two set of libraries, and we're in the process of migrating from one library version to another, and potentially even explain the pilot initiative and the follow-up migrations

(it could be in the form of prose, or a visual banner, I don't know, but it seems odd just to jump directly in v2 without mentioning the transition, or mentioning v1 as being the previous version)

Author: This makes sense to me, but what do you think about approaching it from the opposite direction, as in keeping all of these resource links directing to the new library but including a banner that calls out the work currently in progress and link to the old libraries.

Reviewer 2: Yes sorry that's what I thought the idea was in Cristiano's comment, just a callout or alert banner saying something like "please note that HDS Components 1.0 is deprecated as of [date] and resources have been relinked to the new version of all libraries"

## Enabling Helios libraries

!!! Insight

> The Design Systems Team has been hard at work updating many of our core Figma libraries, including [Components v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6), [Foundations v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/uX4OEaJQdWfzULADchjAeN/HDS-Foundations-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6), and [Patterns v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/5Pv32j4QiOOD8lkFTD1dxC/HDS-Patterns-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6). We're piloting these libraries with a select group of designers before fully replacing the v1.0 libraries, which will then be deprecated and sunset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Design Systems Team has been hard at work updating many of our core Figma libraries, including [Components v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6), [Foundations v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/uX4OEaJQdWfzULADchjAeN/HDS-Foundations-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6), and [Patterns v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/5Pv32j4QiOOD8lkFTD1dxC/HDS-Patterns-v2.0?m=auto&t=Rk02iW7PpBI5vhtJ-6). We're piloting these libraries with a select group of designers before fully replacing the v1.0 libraries, which will then be unpublished and archived.
```

1. Open the Library modal via one of the following methods:

>    - Click the `Assets` panel in the left sidebar, then click the `book` icon to open the modal.

Reviewer: [todo] with this change you have lost the list indentation (it should be 4 spaces to be a second-level item). Compare [the old page](https://helios.hashicorp.design/getting-started/for-designers#enabling-helios-libraries) with [the new one](https://hds-website-git-hds-4111-update-figma-links-hashicorp.vercel.app/getting-started/for-designers#enabling-helios-libraries).

Author: Fixed this formatting issue

3. Select the style you wish to apply from the list of options. Ensure you choose styles within the **HDS - Product Foundations** library.

> ![Applying styles to a text layer](/assets/getting-started/designers/apply-text-style.png =784x\*)

Reviewer: [blocker] I don't know if this was done manually or by the page reformatter, but this I _think_ may break the special syntax we're using to declare the image size.

Author: Reverted this

#### Copying from the stickersheet

> If you prefer to select a component visually, the [Product Components](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?node-id=67397-95918&t=gWdKy44MzTP4cTRo-1) library has a stickersheet for each component displaying the available variants and properties. Just like when using the direct inserts, this method maintains the link to the main component in the library, which means it will receive updates as they become available.

Reviewer 2: This link leads to the Button stickersheet. If that is intentional should be have a note to let consumers know what to expect when clicking this link?

Author: It previously linked to the Button component, so I thought swapping it made the most sense since that stickersheet has has a pretty clear breakdown of variants. I'm not sure how essential it is to be overly explicit here as this is more of an example rather than specific steps.

Reviewer 2: Got it, if that makes sense to you I'm fine with it. I don't have strong feelings on this one if it was that way before.

Reviewer 3: What about clarifying where the link goes? Something like: 

If you prefer to select a component visually, the Product Components library has a stickersheet displaying each component's available variants and properties (see Button stickersheet).

> 1. Open the [Product Components](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&t=zQtMoxS3oB4AplFG-6) library.

Reviewer 2: This link also leads to the Button stickersheet

Author: This one probably makes more sense to link the README 👍

Components and patterns unique to your product should be designed and built locally, extending Helios components and foundations.

> ![Local component patterns](/assets/getting-started/designers/local-component-patterns.png =706x\*)

Reviewer: [blocker] I don't know if this was done manually or by the page reformatter, but this I _think_ may break the special syntax we're using to declare the image size.

Author: Reverted this

### Helios Figma libraries

> HashiCorp product teams can use the Helios libraries published under the [HDS Design System UI Kit](https://www.figma.com/files/817445202777874373/team/1030156573400567478) team within Figma.

Reviewer: [question] instead of removing the old libraries, should we leave them but highlight that they are now deprecated? technically speaking, they're still "valid", no?

Reviewer 2: They will be unpublished so not removed but also shouldn't appear in any new work (ideally) so we could have a note here but I personally think the clean break is nice since don't want consumers using 1.0. Similarly, we don't have any links to Structure here

The [Figma community](https://www.figma.com/community) contains other useful resources for documenting your designs, wireframing, and collaborating with your team. Access Figma's community by clicking the organization switcher in the dashboard and selecting "Community" or by clicking "Explore Community" in the toolbar.

> ![Navigating to the Figma community from the desktop app](/assets/getting-started/designers/figma-community.png =804x\*)

Reviewer: [blocker] I don't know if this was done manually or by the page reformatter, but this I _think_ may break the special syntax we're using to declare the image size.

> ![Navigating to the Figma community from the desktop app](/assets/getting-started/designers/figma-community.png =804x\*)

Reviewer 2: This line is broken in the live site
<img width="908" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-14 at 10 26 02 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/255bed7c-8f12-4d6b-a1f3-846aa5dcfe9e">

Author: fixed this!
